		Title Slide

		
		Slide 1
Risk: "Risk is the Probable Frequency and magnitude of future loss"
Risk Management: ""
Asset: "Something of value"
Threat: 
Threat Event:
2ndary Loss Event: "When one loss event leads to another. I.E. financial damage from loss of reputation."

Compliance is necissary, not sufficient.
	Government opperates on about a four year cycle. Metasploit modules work on about a two week cycle. Do the math. 

1. Decide on a scope
	If you're being audited, passing the audit is your scope.
	It's always better to start small and grow.
	If customers are asking for your protection, that's your scope.

2. Inventory Assets and Owners
	If it doesn't have an owner, assign one.
	If nobody wants it, save that for step 6 when you discuss it with senior leadership
	
3. Sort the inventory by granularity.
	This is required so that the assesment scales up and scales down. 
	Several other methods of sorting are suggested, but granularity works best. 
		Presumed impact for instance is inaccurate, and with secondary events the sorting gets recursive and confusing
	Start with categories
		- Tangible Assets
		- People
		- Intangible Assets
	Then Groups
	Then Subgroups
	then individual components
		- This one MongoDB that we have for some reason
		- Ted Anderson, our DevOps guy
		- Our Company's reputation for being secure

4. Binary Risk Assesment
	Use this handy-dandy handout in the repo
	Quick for each scenario for each asset
	You only need probable scenarios. Leave the ninja turtles out of this

5. Asset Owners Decide What to Do With Med & Low Risk
	You cannot force them to fix issues. Sometimes fixing medium or low risks isn't even the right thing to do for the business. That's ok.
	Let the owners make their own choices. Otherwise you'll be burried trying to manage everything
	Document each decision. Make them sign something for when we get audited. It's not ok for security to take responsiblity for things they can't fix.

Ways to treat Risk
	Avoid the risks
	Mitigate the risks
	Transfer the risk legally to a third party. Maybe someone runs a service to handle this?
	Accept the risk. Maybe this falls into an appropriate level of risk appetite?
	
	There will always be a level of risk that a company is willing to take. Draw a tentative line ahead of time and keep it flexible. It will definitely change as we're doing this.

6. Senior Leadership Reviews all risk & decides on high risks
	- Must be done in a useful sized batch. Not too few, not too many
	- let senior leadership make their decisions. Security can't force these. 
	- Identify serious problems and use leadership skills to persuade stakeholders to treat the risks
	- Risk aggregation is complicated. Don't go there unless you have experience
	
7. Document all the things!
	Prevent the buildup of tribal knowledge
	prepare to drown the auditors. Everyone will love that. 

Where Possible, use the Binary Risk Assesment. 
	It is very fast and easy
	It usually gets you what you need in a non-burdensome way
But there are some drawbacks
	It doesn't actually fullfill that definition of risk
	It assumes a bad actor; doesn't capture self-hacks well or natural events
	Doesn't account well for 2ndary risk
	Very tech-oriented. Doesn't measure the human factor well
So when appropriate, use the FAIR method
	Factor Analysis of Information Risk
	Best technique period. Fight Rachel on it if you want. 
	Quantitative result. Tells you how likely in days, hours, and how much in dolla dolla bills.
	Takes less than 2 hours. 
	Does take a tiny bit of training
Get the best of both worlds
	use binary where you can
	then drop FAIR in when you need more info
This framework for discussion prevents talking in circles or just sweeping it under the rug